Document GHC-13218 (#451)
haskellfoundation/error-message-index: message-index/messages/GHC-13218/illegalKindSignature/index.md

---
title: <insert a title for this example here>
---

In this example, the data type declaration for the `Void1` data type was annotated with the kind signature `* %1 -> *`.

> This is not allowed, the kind signature of that data type should be `* -> *`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This would be a linear kind, which Haskell does not support - only types may be linear.
The kind signature of the data type should be `* -> *`.
```

Reviewer: I think this makes it a bit more clear what's going on.
